This is what you need to do to install lpc4:

1) Run ./configure, this is a sh script that will generate machine.h and
   Makefile from machine.h.in and Makefile.in

2) edit config.h and Makefile to suit your purposes.
   I've tried to make it so that you don't have to change config.h or
   Makefile very much. If you need to do what you consider 'unnessecary
   changes' then mail me and I'll try to fit it into configure.
   If possible, use gnu make, gcc, gnu sed and bison.

3) Run make.

4) optionally, run 'make verify' to check that the compiled driver works
   as it should (might be a good idea) This can take a little time and use
   quite a lot of memory, because the testprogram is 219 Kb.

If you don't have make, try editing and running the sh-script called
'script' instead.

What to do when it doesn't work:
1) Try again.

2) ./configure relies heavily on sed, if you have several sed in your path
   try another sed. (preferably gnu sed)

3) configure might have done something wrong, check machine.h and report
   any errors back to me.

4) If you try running with my mudlib and it crashes when you try to login
   try to remove the savefile lib/save/players. I've tried to make the
   database stuff portable, but I don't know if I succeded.

5) Try a different compiler, malloc, compiler-compiler and/or make.
   (if you have any other)

6)
If you find a bug in the driver, or have a program that makes the driver dump
core, please report the bug to hubbe@lysator.liu.se and include the following:

  o The version of the driver.
  o What kind of system hardware/software you use (OS, compiler, etc.)
  o the piece of code that crashes or bugs.
    (preferably in a lpc4-script with the bug isolated)
  o a description of what it is that bugs and when.
  o if you know how then also give me a backtrace and dump of vital variables
    at the point of crash.
  o or, if you found the error and corrected it, just send me the bugfix along
    with a description of what you did and why.

  /Hubbe
